README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

# Disney Characters App <a name="about-project"></a>

![All-Device-Image](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/c859PNUOVi0073mK5rq2FK--u5wHzHhnpaUgzDFheLkASLk8pDkXOi_BXoIfeLXLALABW98R9Muy-Rb_T8crfFAteRISiL2zJ0Nr98f2x-HOgaZENeWwN_eZA9yWC4grisQouJqScak8QDAC4Y1kSpC0lk-WbaTv8QHvtofc8u9NIm5U1hKx0Pbi-gQ8wZmo9Ot99VUzqk0qtSVfm3gnWjVk4NHGV0gM7QiNYv3UD5W25yolHNPrBor3KehV7uoqNbnxGWA3F6iQeES9zBK7LmtQFwDGkUtr_pCfJa9X9l_oTH1jZIjX14ngPluARNsKAoGEjyzeJk201R-eW0Tc6qHrUJ-iGMeDrdmVm0fRa9b5ZWv22AiWOBATH7ZZl9gZazfhuQaBjTAuQHtFSAbifdL-vQSujJnuUEwq6ijTcVy4TtOVsrFTvBu87jKN_ldtjStsN9myD4EHIKU44j9XXXXDDHHg7j8jt35DUWTkOpsuOKHpCyrY96INHpMGowc3_E8SCzV6m4YdLWYaDwT3Ylu67Pym3UYBGAQBmXFL4rZWr3EAKH7LRtRo7C1dwkpDaPgLKIkr7hqmMoz8bSe8DCpS15Cs7To93ph29AHv1kCoDDCL5Wsxd8q-NXsYkzhCBAOSt9zLCTP2h5qs5UZjBz0RvFbp-1c6QMEZJQVOmE6YaPZrvDajaEw-uoR8yJVV1FfxcAb-OeFofcaC7kvK1ok8sxvLYN1Kg7O_6ysV0pvyecH8xz2skvhQ34XVwxD3cjEh5j94YjFjqb4-XpsW0GWNVbtRM-2eWnpI0KImnfQBlq9qEijxxam1UN6-DkxksTV_48d3i0H_8MsumszsUH5jqN6UYzNkfHnxlIR_yYqZoC_FihRM_Pfr97QxixuFGoeBRKsGdjwtZNBFClOO8Dhhi9Ng_zfq8-VHHEh9xlgqyprzANPgh5BAiMTqRH37TImgzphCbQNkTMglFYKm=w1026-h592-no?authuser=0)


</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [Disney Characters App ](#disney-characters-app-)
- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Disney Characters ](#-disney-characters-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests ](#run-tests-)
    - [Deployment ](#deployment-)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)


<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Disney Characters <a name="about-project"></a>

"Discover the magic of Disney with our Character Display App! Explore a vast collection of beloved Disney characters and relive your childhood memories. The app fetches images from a trusted API, providing you with high-quality images of your favorite characters. Whether you're a fan of classic Disney movies or modern Disney-Pixar films, this app is perfect for all ages. Download now and immerse yourself in the enchanting world of Disney!
This app was done by Ghulam-Subbhani and I."

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="55" height="55"/></a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="55" height="55"/></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="55" height="55"/></a>



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Receiving Images from API https://api.disneyapi.dev/characters and render them in our app]**
- [ ] **[Pop up window when you press button "Comments" ]**
- [ ] **[Pop up window that renders all the info of the characters and the comments and a form to add your comment!]**
- [ ] **[Sending the comments to the API: https://us-central1-involvement-api.cloudfunctions.net/ to be able to display them in the modal]**
- [ ] **[Add likes when you press the heart like button]**
- [ ] **[Likes are sent to the API https://us-central1-involvement-api.cloudfunctions.net/, and then we receive them in our counter likes]**
- [ ]  **[Counter of the items displayed at the top of the home page]**
- [ ]   **[Counter of items function tested with jest]**
- [ ]    **[Counter of the comments in each modal]**
- [ ]    **[Counter of comments function tested with jest]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

To see the demo version, you can <a href="https://mekuseo.github.io/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone/dist"> Click here </a>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.


### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- [ ] A PC running any operating system like Windows, Linux, or MacOS
- [ ] An Internet connection
- [ ] Git installed
- [ ] Webpack installed
- [ ] Knowledge of some basic Git commands

### Setup

1. Download the **Zip** file or clone the repo with:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mekuseo/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone.git
```
2. To access cloned directory run:
```bash
cd JS.capstone-project
```
3. Open it with the live server

### Install
```
npm install
```

### Usage

Start the server

```
npm run start
```

### Run tests <a name="run-tests"></a>

To run tests, run the following command:

npm test

To run Stylelint and ESLint tests, run the following commands respectively:

```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

```
npx eslint .
```

### Deployment <a name="deployment"></a>

To deploy this project run

```
npm run deploy
```

- GitHub Pages was used to deploy this website
- For more information about publishing sources, see "[About github page](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages#publishing-sources-for-github-pages-sites)"

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Kanu Chukwuemeka**

- GitHub: [@Mekuseo](https://github.com/Mekuseo)
- Twitter: [@fullstack_pison](https://twitter.com/fullstack_pison)
- LinkedIn: [@chukwuemekakanu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chukwuemekakanu)

👤 **Ghulam Subbhani**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/gsmalik030)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/gsmalik030)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ghulam-subbhani-4b1281252/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Improve design**
- [ ] **Making the navbar work with more sections**
- [ ] **Display more photos and the option to pass to the next pages.**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

To open Issue, you can <a href="https://github.com/Mekuseo/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone/issues"> Click here </a>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I would like to thank - [ Microverse]
 **![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->
## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

<!-- > Write a message to encourage readers to support your project -->
HAppy to have you here! If you like this project please Give us a ⭐️ !
Thank you so much!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Mekuseo/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone/blob/dev/MIT.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Updated Video link in readme

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

# Disney Characters App <a name="about-project"></a>

![All-Device-Image](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/c859PNUOVi0073mK5rq2FK--u5wHzHhnpaUgzDFheLkASLk8pDkXOi_BXoIfeLXLALABW98R9Muy-Rb_T8crfFAteRISiL2zJ0Nr98f2x-HOgaZENeWwN_eZA9yWC4grisQouJqScak8QDAC4Y1kSpC0lk-WbaTv8QHvtofc8u9NIm5U1hKx0Pbi-gQ8wZmo9Ot99VUzqk0qtSVfm3gnWjVk4NHGV0gM7QiNYv3UD5W25yolHNPrBor3KehV7uoqNbnxGWA3F6iQeES9zBK7LmtQFwDGkUtr_pCfJa9X9l_oTH1jZIjX14ngPluARNsKAoGEjyzeJk201R-eW0Tc6qHrUJ-iGMeDrdmVm0fRa9b5ZWv22AiWOBATH7ZZl9gZazfhuQaBjTAuQHtFSAbifdL-vQSujJnuUEwq6ijTcVy4TtOVsrFTvBu87jKN_ldtjStsN9myD4EHIKU44j9XXXXDDHHg7j8jt35DUWTkOpsuOKHpCyrY96INHpMGowc3_E8SCzV6m4YdLWYaDwT3Ylu67Pym3UYBGAQBmXFL4rZWr3EAKH7LRtRo7C1dwkpDaPgLKIkr7hqmMoz8bSe8DCpS15Cs7To93ph29AHv1kCoDDCL5Wsxd8q-NXsYkzhCBAOSt9zLCTP2h5qs5UZjBz0RvFbp-1c6QMEZJQVOmE6YaPZrvDajaEw-uoR8yJVV1FfxcAb-OeFofcaC7kvK1ok8sxvLYN1Kg7O_6ysV0pvyecH8xz2skvhQ34XVwxD3cjEh5j94YjFjqb4-XpsW0GWNVbtRM-2eWnpI0KImnfQBlq9qEijxxam1UN6-DkxksTV_48d3i0H_8MsumszsUH5jqN6UYzNkfHnxlIR_yYqZoC_FihRM_Pfr97QxixuFGoeBRKsGdjwtZNBFClOO8Dhhi9Ng_zfq8-VHHEh9xlgqyprzANPgh5BAiMTqRH37TImgzphCbQNkTMglFYKm=w1026-h592-no?authuser=0)


</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [Disney Characters App ](#disney-characters-app-)
- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Disney Characters ](#-disney-characters-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests ](#run-tests-)
    - [Deployment ](#deployment-)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)


<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Disney Characters <a name="about-project"></a>

"Discover the magic of Disney with our Character Display App! Explore a vast collection of beloved Disney characters and relive your childhood memories. The app fetches images from a trusted API, providing you with high-quality images of your favorite characters. Whether you're a fan of classic Disney movies or modern Disney-Pixar films, this app is perfect for all ages. Download now and immerse yourself in the enchanting world of Disney!
This app was done by Ghulam-Subbhani and I."

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="55" height="55"/></a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="55" height="55"/></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="55" height="55"/></a>



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Receiving Images from API https://api.disneyapi.dev/characters and render them in our app]**
- [ ] **[Pop up window when you press button "Comments" ]**
- [ ] **[Pop up window that renders all the info of the characters and the comments and a form to add your comment!]**
- [ ] **[Sending the comments to the API: https://us-central1-involvement-api.cloudfunctions.net/ to be able to display them in the modal]**
- [ ] **[Add likes when you press the heart like button]**
- [ ] **[Likes are sent to the API https://us-central1-involvement-api.cloudfunctions.net/, and then we receive them in our counter likes]**
- [ ]  **[Counter of the items displayed at the top of the home page]**
- [ ]   **[Counter of items function tested with jest]**
- [ ]    **[Counter of the comments in each modal]**
- [ ]    **[Counter of comments function tested with jest]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

To see the demo version, you can <a href="https://mekuseo.github.io/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone/dist"> Click here </a>

To watch Video Presentation, you can <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bc1TwqB0Q2nyHEdKc3qtbzYpCVarTlJV/view?usp=sharing"> Click here </a>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.


### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- [ ] A PC running any operating system like Windows, Linux, or MacOS
- [ ] An Internet connection
- [ ] Git installed
- [ ] Webpack installed
- [ ] Knowledge of some basic Git commands

### Setup

1. Download the **Zip** file or clone the repo with:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mekuseo/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone.git
```
2. To access cloned directory run:
```bash
cd JS.capstone-project
```
3. Open it with the live server

### Install
```
npm install
```

### Usage

Start the server

```
npm run start
```

### Run tests <a name="run-tests"></a>

To run tests, run the following command:

npm test

To run Stylelint and ESLint tests, run the following commands respectively:

```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

```
npx eslint .
```

### Deployment <a name="deployment"></a>

To deploy this project run

```
npm run deploy
```

- GitHub Pages was used to deploy this website
- For more information about publishing sources, see "[About github page](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages#publishing-sources-for-github-pages-sites)"

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Kanu Chukwuemeka**

- GitHub: [@Mekuseo](https://github.com/Mekuseo)
- Twitter: [@fullstack_pison](https://twitter.com/fullstack_pison)
- LinkedIn: [@chukwuemekakanu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chukwuemekakanu)

👤 **Ghulam Subbhani**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/gsmalik030)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/gsmalik030)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ghulam-subbhani-4b1281252/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Improve design**
- [ ] **Making the navbar work with more sections**
- [ ] **Display more photos and the option to pass to the next pages.**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

To open Issue, you can <a href="https://github.com/Mekuseo/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone/issues"> Click here </a>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I would like to thank - [ Microverse]
 **![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->
## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

<!-- > Write a message to encourage readers to support your project -->
HAppy to have you here! If you like this project please Give us a ⭐️ !
Thank you so much!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Mekuseo/Disney-Characters---JS-Capstone/blob/dev/MIT.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
